# August 28, 2024
woah
# September 9, 2024
i did encounter some problems while trying to make the journal entry most likely because i didnt know how to save te entry that i did do. 
# September 4, 2024
The sphero bolt has three sensors, it has a light, sound and crash sensor. My favorite sensor is the light sensor since its one of the easiest thing to do. the light sensor works so when you dhine the light on it, the bolt changes direction and rolls away.
# September 17, 2024
This is a free week.
# September 20, 2024
Today i tried the acitvity were you have to code in order tofeed some fish. While im normally not used to working with python i really did likw the activity.
# September 27, 2024
For coding following instructions is extremely important. Since coding usesd a lot of words and codes if you mess up even one digit you can mess up completely ur whole code. If you commit a small error it can completly change up the whole code and project you would be working on.
# October 1, 2024
One of the dailys activities i do where computer science is involved is when i do assignments in my computer. I normally dont really play minevraft but playing minecraft does require a bit of coding from time to time and thats an example of computer science aswell.
# October 9, 2024
There are plenty of jobs that involve coputer science but for me personally there are two careers i am moe interested in are wed developer and video game developer. I do plan to be in ths carer path for the next two years. I am mostly more interested in being a video game developer since i do think i would find myself enjoying it.
# October 15, 2024
Codin can improve problem solving skills by making someone realize their little mistakes do matter and make them pay more attention to details they may not think are important enough. Coding can help in fields that dont require technology by making diagnostics easier to read or in general just helping people communicate more easily. Coding will always be about creativity because it enhances it more. To make certain codes you need to be creative enough to actually make them work out.
# October 21, 2024
AI improves efficency and innovates industries by helping people comprehend complicated topics more easily more easily. AI is helpful to humans since it helps us understand things more in depth and can help humans in work spaces more efficently by acting like a tool for supoort and reasearch. Ai is controlled by humans so it is not going top be like sci-fi movies and is purely based offf the desicions of humans.
While there are advanteges to AI there is also many disadvantages. One if the most concerning disadvantages is that if the wrong people use it the AI is going to produce somethimg bad and will not only be bad but illegal. If AI is used for artistic purposes it will take away parts of real humans arts and it cant be stopped. AI also puts millions of jobs in danger, people who are writters will lose their job because AI will be used to replace them, therefore leaving people without food or money or a house. there are so many more disadvantages to AI than advanteges.
# October 28, 2024
Technology does affect the elections in the way that it makes the candidates for presidents campaigns spread faster and more accurately. Social media is a great way for presidential candidates to push their image out there faster. Some negative effects however can be that older people who dont use social media as much wont see these videos so they cant be so intact of who they are going to vote for. Kamala Harris campaig is an exact example of how technology helps  presidential campaigns, she caters towards the youth and her social media campaign actually provide proof behind her statements and shows the public a clear view of what she is going to do for the USA.
# November 4, 2024
When publishing online you meed to make sure you dont give out too much personal information because it could affect your day to day life. To ensure that certain information stay secure you need to make sure you arent sharing too much information of yourself or to only share it to a certain group of trusted people. While the internet is a fun place it also is very dangerous and many people have been harrased in real life, this is why people need to be morre careful with the information they share online.
# November 12, 2024
Right now the current even everyone is talking about is the elections. These elections show how advertising is really important especially if you do it through social media or technolgy. social media is the best way to spread news or endorsments which is exactly why a lot of people did vote for the right decision instead of the wrong one. However technology is also a great way to make false news go around which is exactly why many people voted red. While technology keeps on advancing hopefully lies wont spread so quickly and people wont belive them so easily either.
# November 18, 2024
Technology has made food more accesible by making food be delivered to people with dissabilities or that simply dont have the time to get their groceries. Technology does offer a lot about advantages because it also influences people to try food out of their comfort food. Online shopping is also something that is extremly useful and important to socirty in the us after covid 19. While there are many positives of technology being used for getting fodd there are still many problems with it because people can and will eat youtr food before you. 
# December 2, 2024
While AI is not my favorite thing it is something that keeps on developing the more that people keep using it. One of the developments of AI is the ability of generating images. I have been told to play around with AI by my teacher evcen though i dont like usimg it all that much and the images that it is posssible of creating are a development compared to before. The thing that concerns me about this however is how easy it is for someone to use ai for the wrong reasons. There have alredy been a lot of incidents with AI and peope making it generate thingd that arent appropiate. If this technology keeps evolviong like this there needs to be laws against some of the uses for it so it doesnt hurt anyone. While AI keeps evolving there has to be things to prevent it from getting out of hand and be used for things that actualy do matter.
# December 9, 2024
The meaning of brain rot to me is a series of words or phrases that have gotten popularizee by teenagers and young adults. In the past years technology has been advancing and so has its users, teenagers grab slang and transform it into domething with a different meanin and that is what most brain rot phrases are. While some peopel may wanna look deeper into these brain rot words there isnt much more to look into their just words that teenagers say as a joke and really have no deeper meaning than that. Ex: "skibidi toilet got into a fight with livvy dunne and baby gronk joined in but the rizzler showed up and blew thwm away with his balkan sigma rage german stare"
# December 16, 2024
Yes! i am very ecxited for winter break i just want to sleep :3
# January 8, 2025
What i liked most about the class last year was the fun programms that we used and overasll the whole class was really fun. However i would like to improve on the speed in which i type and i would also like top lean more about python. The only thing i really want a certification on would be python.
# January 13, 2025
I think that the investement that many tech companies are making towards AI will lead to a lot of people losing their jobs. I think that thw the only thing that AI will enhance is the probability of people without jobs. If i hads a carrer in the tech world id probably get another job or havew AI banned in the work place.
# January 22, 2025
I think that this government intervation was really ad because it didnt need to happen. Mostn of the reasons the government said for wanting to ban the appp arent even good reasons. Comapies like tikTok can adress concerens in a more calm way and direct. The users need to be asdsured that this company isnt taking their data but at the same time that is what every app does. one feature policy that i would implement is the ability to stop ads from popping up as much, like with pinterest addsn for tiktok shop are everywhere and it can get a bit annoying. I can take what happened to tiktopk and learn more about how apps opperate and learn  bit more about it. Also  need to get actual hobbies since i was so bored without it. 
# January 27, 2025
| Name     | Car | Mistake
| ---------| --- |---------- |
| Jimmy		 |Honda |Drilled oil tank
| Kayla		 |Sierra|Fixed Wrong problem
| Bart		 |Toyota|Left stains on carpet
| Harrison |Forester|Left oil cap off     
# February 3, 2025
I personally think that maybe if there was a bit more of infromatiuon for the pilots that they wpould also be more aware of accidents like that when they happen so there isnt any traffic. I personally think that there is alredy a lot of methods that ensure the safety of the passangers and the pilots, there could be a better made system to alert the pilots that there are objects flying near their area. Computer scienve=ce is actually greatly involved with airplanes. Because of the way that computer algorithms manage air trafic computer science and coding has becomed a huge thing when managing it. Cybersecurity is also a huge thing in airport softwares because if the big screens are hacked people may get lost and the flights may be delayed.  
While computer science is not as heard of in the flying career it is a huge component of it that really cpontributes to it. The amount of things that are computer science related in this field arent talked about as much but that doesnt make it any less impoirtanr and actually intensefies the safety of peopel/
# February 11, 2025
I would make my app use features that analyze players data and their statistics acuretly. I would use data bases and lists to make this posssible. Since a lot of coaches alredy use analytics this should be easy to figure out. I would make sure the algorhytims would show playewrs what they needed to get better at and show the managers what needed to be done. The analytics and data would be seen in a venn diagram.
# February 18, 2025
Somethig new that i learned last week is that you can use buttons for headbands, clothes, accesories, and you can collect them aswell. i need to make my button collection bigger so i can use them for more things.
# February 24, 2025
Technology can be used to help educators or other people by making older people more aware of current language slang between teenagers and young adults. Potential benefits from older people learning these new slang words is that they can feel more  connected to younger generations like their grandkids or people at work. however one of the conflicts that this can create is make those youngfer people feel a bit disorianted or cringe. I personally think that its best if schools let the students talk like they usually do without being tracked or questiopned about it heavily. Many times slang does not last that long especially if its an internet trend. Misunderstandings can happen but i doubt thtat it would be a big probnlem un;less its something offesive.
# March 3, 2025
I personally think that the substitute had an okay time wirh our class. Our class isnty very noisy so i doubt there were any problems. The substitude probably kjust went on with their day which is what most likely happened since shelooked busy. Substitutes for me are like teachers that are just here for the money sometimes which is just like normal teachers so it works out. I feel like if we all reflected back on it as a class some people cpouldve done better when the substitute was here. There are some people in our class that should work more on their behavior but overall it want a bad day for thr substitute i would say that they bhave probably dealt with worse actually.
# March 17, 2025
The types of technologies that i used more often while i was in spring break was apps and social media. One of the apps that i usually like to scroll on is pinterests and i also like playing a little cookie game. This technology helped me entertain myself and it also made me have more fun because i could draw things i saw on the apps. I think the only the only thing i can really connect to this class is the cookie run kingdom game, only because you can decorate your area and you have a nice experience with it.
# March 24, 2025
I personally think that by adding AI to something that in reality doesnt neeed it just makes the thing not fun anymore and takes away from the aspects of the excitement you initially feel. I think that the AI used in march Madness makes it less exciting and more predictable which i think is a bad thing. Sports are suppposed to be unpredictable and by adding in AI they are just taking a type of joy away from the fans
